---
layout: comment
comment_id: 40
post_id: 178
author: David Roessli
email: david.roessli@cybmed.com
date: '2007-04-09 12:49:17 +0200'
visible: true
ip: 62.167.235.105
url: http://www.davidroessli.com
---
Few and far apart. I only sync my calendar and contact info with my iPods.

This results from the fact that my truly mobile iPod is a 1Gb Nano I picked up at a slashed price just before the 2nd generation Nanos were released, and such little storage requires manual syncing. My other iPod is a 30Gb 3G that sits in the car, and only make his way back home before a long trip in the car.

iPod syncing has always been an issue with me as it relies on a single library to perform at its best. Mine gets hooked up to two desktop Macs and a <abbr title="MacBook Pro">MBP</abbr> on a weekly basis, so I quickly disabled the music/playlist/podcast syncing. I don't maintain consistent libraries over all the computers I use. The only library I try to maintain up-to-date is my home Airport Disk shared one. I regularly drag my new tracks to it, but I haven't yet found n efficient way of doing so. I have a playlist on my <abbr>MBP</abbr> with the latest tracks I need to add, but you still need to export them somehow from one lib in order to import to another, which still is a drag. I'm working on an Automator script that will do it or me, but haven't got around to polishing it yet.

I would believe that using multiple libraries with an iPod is a bit like using an iPod on multiple computers, you have to switch to "Manually manage music" in the iPod's preference pane on iTunes.

So no, iPod syncing isn't a feature I use too much.
