---
layout: comment
comment_id: 229
post_id: 244
author: madeleine diaz
email: mad_copy@yahoo.com
date: '2009-08-01 08:55:38 +0200'
visible: true
ip: 66.50.154.212
url: http://homepage.mac.com/vaughn/msync/
---
From the Public Relations Office of MobileSyncBrowser:  As your website is in touch with the news about iPhone Technology and Applications, I'm writing to tell you about the release of MobileSync Browser (MSB) 3.0, as well as MSB 3.1b1, the exclusive pre-release version of this application. 
MobileSyncBrowser is used to retrieve data automatically stored inside iTunes every time the iPhone was synchronized to the computer. MSB will recover all information, notes, contacts, call history and SMS messages, in case the device gets lost, broken or stolen. Visit MSB at: http://homepage.mac.com/vaughn/msync/
Users all over the world contact developer Vaughn S. Cordero to thank him and praise MSB for helping them evade the negative effects of losing all their information.
I'm attaching the press release and/or an informational document that outlines all the useful characteristics of MSB, now in its third generation. You are welcome to download the free trial; and please, would you kindly write a review or use the attached information to let your readers know about MobileSyncBrowser?
In addition to English, MSB includes Spanish, French and German support when it runs on systems in those languages. Be aware that MSB will work for iPhones in any language; however, the application contains those four to display the menus and the text. For instance, if you use MSB for an Italian iPhone, the information will display in Italian because MSB does not include that language support.
If you have questions or comments, please write back directly to Vaughn at audiobinder@mac.com, or reply to my email. Thank you for your help. -- Madeleine D. Quilichini, e: mad_copy@yahoo.com
MORE INFO:
Recent Versions, Press Releases MobileSyncBrowser 3.0 is the latest and most advanced version of the iPhone backup utility. Reviews for MobileSyncBrowser have been consistently positive, and when a user encounters a glitch, MSB's developer, Vaughn S. Cordero, avails himself by phone or email to help the customer step by step. Who uses MSB? Setting aside the argument that it is better to have a backup and not need it, than to need it and not have it, the original MSB users ranged from business executives who need to keep track of and produce hard-copy evidence of their communications, to the iPhone owner whose device was stolen or broken, to concerned parents wanting to keep track of their children's online contacts and friendships, and there's a commercial version being developed for grand-scale use regarding levels of information gathering, geared towards people who need MSB for legal proceedings or investigations. MobileSyncBrowser 3.0, available adds compatibility with iPhone OS 3.0 and was completely rewritten to provide better performance and enhanced stability. Technical Contact: Vaughn S.Cordero, email audiobinder at mac dot com
MobileSyncBrowser 3.1b1 This upgraded version of the application is available as pre-release software and has been said to be "better, faster, and more stable". It appeared barely five weeks after the release of MobileSyncBrowser 3.0. This latest edition of MSB, provides a multi-threaded experience, and is noticeable more stable and faster than the previous generations. MSB 3.1b1, marks a second milestone, leveraging the modularity to add background processing and caching so there's no waiting involved due to the extended scanning required for MSB Plus features. 3.1b1 also presents a cache file to the device backups which speeds subsequent visits to an unchanged backup; it alsoincludes fixes for cosmetic reasons and functional purposes. These include an improved handling of similar and alphanumeric addresses in the SMS Convo Lists; improved navigation on systems with 9+ backups where portions of the Categories list would scroll up out of view making them seem "unavailable"; the user should know that single click, double click and alt-click actions have different responses and a little experimentation is required. MobileSyncBrowser (MSB) 3.1b1 has been tested for iPhone OS 3.1b2 and iTunes 8.2.1 compatibility. An important thing to remember is that, as a prerelease software, 3.1b1 could behave in surprising ways; users are encouraged to take sensible precautions before and while operating. The developer assumes no responsibility whatsoever for the use of prerelease software, so prospective clients should try out MSB before purchase in order to familiarize themselves with its interface, and ensure the application works for them. MSB 3.1b1 is stable and recommended for developers and general users who have specific issues with the current MSB. Feedback is always appreciated.
