---
layout: comment
comment_id: 201
post_id: 268
author: lavinia
email: lavinia.faccini@ufrgs.br
date: '2009-05-20 12:14:59 +0200'
visible: true
ip: 201.66.171.207
---
Finally I managed to find some Mario Benedetti translations to English. I believe poems are impossible to translate, they only could be rewritten sometimes. But you can have a taste below. 

M. Benedetti was exiled from Uruguay for many years since he was a strong critic of military dictatorship and of the influence of US on Latin America. What I loved about him is that he stayed being optimistic until the end of his life. 

So, another poem, now in English.


Don´t Save Yourself

Mario Benedetti

Don't Save yourself,
Don´t be immobile
On the edge of the road,
Don't freeze the joy,
Don't love with reluctance,
Don't save yourself now
or ever,
Don't save yourself,
Don't fill with calm,
Don't reserve of the world
Just a calm place,
Don't let fall your lids
Heavy as trials,
Don´t speak without lips,
Don't fall asleep without sleepiness,
Don't think of you without blood,
Don't judge yourself without time.

But if in spite of everything
You cannot avoid it
And you freeze the joy,
And you love with reluctance,
And you save yourself now,
And you full with calm,
And you reserve of the world
Just a calm place,
And you let fall your lids
Heavy as trials,
And you speak without lips,
And you fall asleep without sleepiness,
And you think yourself without blood,
And you judge yourself without time,
And you are immobile
On the edge of the road,
And you save yourself,
Then
Don't stay with me.






