---
layout: comment
comment_id: 81
post_id: 206
author: JL
email: lewis.julian@gmail.com
date: '2007-11-05 13:40:36 +0100'
visible: true
ip: 90.9.188.101
---
I live in France and work in Geneva.
While I was in Knoxville TN Apple Store, I bought two Ipod Touch players, and a MacBook (The MacBook is fine except I have to cough up 200Eu to buy Lepoard a week after I bought it). I was going to give the Itouch players as presents for Christmas to my daughter and wife. 
However I have found out to my cost that the devices have been sabotaged in such a way that  only ITunes can be used on  only one computer for one device. Also  the players are unusable from Linux (Encrypted
protocol) so that it is impossible to use them with winamp + mlipod as in the past. In my opinion I was sold these devices under false pretenses, they are simply junk, there should be a large warning written on the packet:
WARNING THESE DEVICES ARE BRAIN DEAD AND NEED    ITUNES BLOATWARE. 
My daughter runs Ubuntu/Windows Dual Boot, I run Ubuntu,
MaxOs (on my new MacBook) and Windows. There are 6 computers in my house, 3 operating systems and two ITouches; the horrible impossible mess created by Itunes
and the ridiculous way it is impossible to use windows and MacOs (Incompatible file systems!!) or even two windows computers (One Library) is simply a dirty trick from Apple. Rest assured that I will tell others what Apple is up to, they wont sell any more of that junk to the people I know. The web is now full of complaints about IPhone and ITouch:
http://www.blogitouch.fr/2007/09/17/itunes-obligatoire-pour-les-nouveaux-ipod/
 - this explains how the Itouch has been sabotaged and how to fix it with a jailbreak
or
http://www.calacanis.com/ 
 - are some examples of the troubles the poor suckers had who own two computers, hell they don't have two ITouches
then they would be in real trouble.
Apple is shooting itself in the foot.
Any one want a couple of new ITouches going cheap I am not dishonest enough not tell tell them what a load of rubbish they are.
